[Music]
Wow how to blog a blog or a video blog
has become very big on YouTube basically
sharing your life sharing your
perspectives typically on a weekly or
some type of consistent basis here on
the interwebs here on the YouTube the
copper bubbles law goes beyond blogging
and being able to share a story so I
want to take this time in four parts to
share with you how to make a story so
how's the vlog but also how do you film
something get it onto your computer do
all the fancy stuff in an editing
software and then export it and put it
on to the internet maybe that's not like
a lot but I'm going to break it down for
you I would only tell it right now in
San Francisco and I have been blogging
it up while here I've been waiting for
this moment ever since I met John really
try to get on chatting on this route we
got to the hotel and I'm like 3 a.m. I
sighed oh look it's up there is a green
screen behind me I'm here at Adobe in
San Francisco you want to share stuff
via video so that probably means you
want a camera to film yourself to film
other people and so which one is right
for you I recommend three options in
order from easiest to use to maybe the
more complex you have your phone like an
iPhone it takes fantastic video you have
a point shoot which is a smaller form
factor camera and number three is a
mirrorless or a DSLR camera that allows
interchangeable lenses so you can buy
different focal length lenses and use
them on your camera body to accomplish
different things I'm going to leave some
camera link suggestions down in
description below for you guys to check
out and just starting out and also a lot
in vlogging just set your camera
settings to completely auto you can
shoot with auto focus and auto exposure
or manual focus and manual exposure all
that means is the
is going to adjust the f-stop shutter
and ISO those are the three things that
control the exposure of the image which
means how light or dark it is it will
control that automatically and also it
will auto focus so when you move close
to the screen it'll auto focus on your
face when you move back it'll auto focus
when you're back here we do manual focus
and when you do manual exposure you have
to do all of those things manually and
it gets a little bit complicated but
it's still important to know in certain
circumstances so I am going to link some
videos on description below to learn how
to do that in more detail and a quick
shout out to Skillshare Skillshare is
sponsoring this video right now which I
am so stoked because it's such a sick
website where you can go and access over
15,000 classes on how to do photography
and videography and different
entrepreneurial things and they have a
lot of resources on this subject as well
and you can go and get a two months free
trial with my link in the description
spot low so moving on you have your
camera you're shooting an autofocus
you're shooting an auto exposure what is
next it's time to film so you take that
camera of yours whether it's a point
shoot or your phone or a fancier camera
and get yourself a SD card this is what
footage goes on turn it on point it at
your face or plot friends some pretty
landscapes and film showing your videos
[Music]
I'm gonna drop your computer your SD
card and I use a external hard drive
when editing because I do not have
enough space on my computer put your SD
card into your computer if you don't
have a SD slot you can buy a USB 2 SD
hub when shooting on my Sony point you
kinda have to go through a mess of
folders just to get to the clips it's
different for every camera but I go into
clip prioritize by kind
I grab my mp4 files and I drag them onto
my external hard drive I'm going to go
into my hard drive here I organized by
date that's the first priority so 2017
YouTube vlogs and then I come over add
my vlogs based on date and location so
this is what it looks like I'm just
going to say this is another San
Francisco vlog so I'm going to create a
new vlog put the date March 23rd and
then the location this makes it easy for
me to go back and grab footage if I need
to I have two slots for numbers here
because some logs man over multiple
dates I'm going to come in here and grab
the footage that I need just drag and
drop into here as with a one step
further and I'm using app called
rename this is an easy way to rename the
clips the same as my project folder so
when I'm pulling in different clips from
two days and different blogs it's an
easy way to keep that footage organized
so now that we have our footage on our
computer we want to have some type of
editing software to turn these clips
into a actual video I wanted to be doing
all of these tutorials via Adobe
Premiere CC add overmare is a part of
the Creative Cloud this is Adobe's
Creative Cloud suite of creative
applications so you have things like
Photoshop and Lightroom to edit pictures
and you have things like InDesign to
design and do more graphic design things
and so it's this whole suite of apps
that you get for a monthly payment
really comes in handy for me because how
the apps integrate with each other I use
more than premier if you want something
maybe a little bit simpler or you don't
need all of those other apps total cut
protein is a option something you can
buy on the App Store for a one-time
purchase instead of a monthly payment
but if you're just starting I would
definitely recommend iMovie it's free or
something like Sony Vegas when I go to
video editing software premiere first
Final Cut there's a lot of debate a lot
of debate on the Internet
putting those two softwares against each
other I personally love the layout of
premiere before window layout and how
things operate is just my jam and I edit
so fast and come here Final Cut is a
totally different beats the layout is
completely different and something I
really turned me off to the program when
I was using it utter Final Cut Pro 7 was
the magnetic timeline just the way
clothes interact with each other on the
timeline isn't very natural I know I
think you can turn that off now but it
just it was not for me if you're on a
Macbook it's kind of a known fact that
Final Cut 10 does pass better render
times it will export your video faster
but the ten minutes that you save
exporting a video I make up and the ease
of use in Premiere above make sense
we're going to go into premiere I title
my projects exactly the same as the
polar that it's in and I actively create
a folder titled premiere and this is
where I keep my premiere project and
then also the exports and any extra
things like that so I have my clips here
and then my premiere folder where I'm
going to put this project so we have our
blank project in Premiere the first
thing that you want to do is import your
footage and do those editing software so
you can get editing double click to
import media to start you're going to go
into that folders that you transfer your
footage over to highlight all of your
clips press import and then you have all
of the clips in your project window this
is your project window in order to get
going with a
video you want to press new sequence and
this is where you're going to start
dragging all of your clips down onto to
make your video or to make your vlog
assuming you shot in 1080 and 24 frames
per second that's kind of just the
standard go into just one of these
settings that is - a 24 I use the DSLR
profile name your sequence and now you
have a sequence to start dragging and
dropping clips on - we basically have
the beginnings you skeletons out of a
blog with all the things that I'm
creating on the channel I'm constantly
getting questions as to how and I'm
basically bringing you through
step-by-step on how so feel free to ask
me questions along the way if you're new
around here my name is Sarah do cheat
rhymes with peachy let me know if you
like this video and hit that subscribe
button down below if you have not yet
for more fun stuff like this but then I
actually show you kind of what I'm doing
in life through my blog and I also do a
lot of tech reviews I wanted to use one
more quick shout out to the sponsor of
this video Skillshare thank you so much
they have a ton of tutorials and videos
on Skillshare comm and you can actually
use my link in description below to get
two months free you can take over 15,000
classes and photography video design you
can try out a project and you can even
teach a class specifically make sure to
check out that link in the description
and just thank you thank you for tuning
in thank you for learning along excited
me I get questions every single day
about this stuff so this is it this is
my attempt to wrap it up in a pretty bow
like a series of videos but I can just
point you guys to if you have ever have
questions you can point your friends to
feel free to share if anyone is into
video wants to get into video because
it's a fun it's a fun thing to be able
to share your perspective through the
video wavelengths through the video
through the video I put here on my
youtube channel every single weekday at
Monday through Friday at 8 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time so I will see you in the
next one remember to stay peachy okay
bye
[Music]